README.md, before:

# EqualizerAPO
Use the EqualizerAPO program to create a unique graphical equalizer for each song played through a media player.

I created this software because I DJ for swing dance and wanted to be able to initialize my set before the dance, then hit "go" and dance for the rest of the evening.

## What is EqualizerAPO?
Ok, so my project isn't actually EqualizerAPO. It's just based on using it and communicating between that application and my media player to auto-DJ (see note above).

EqualizerAPO is actually way cooler than this project and can be found at http://sourceforge.net/projects/equalizerapo/.

## Download
There will soon be a download link here so that you can simply download the .exe & instructions and it should (hopefully) work.

## Supported Media Players
Currently there is one supported media player:
* Zune (http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=27163)

## Client Side Apps
I want to be able to control this software from my phone. Don't you?
There's an app that I'm working on to do this from Windows Phone 8.1. Hopefully there will be a link here soon to that project and it may even hit the app store at some point.

Commit message:

Added link to app project

README.md, after:

# EqualizerAPO
Use the EqualizerAPO program to create a unique graphical equalizer for each song played through a media player.

I created this software because I DJ for swing dance and wanted to be able to initialize my set before the dance, then hit "go" and dance for the rest of the evening.

## What is EqualizerAPO?
Ok, so my project isn't actually EqualizerAPO. It's just based on using it and communicating between that application and my media player to auto-DJ (see note above).

EqualizerAPO is actually way cooler than this project and can be found at http://sourceforge.net/projects/equalizerapo/.

## Download
There will soon be a download link here so that you can simply download the .exe & instructions and it should (hopefully) work.

## Supported Media Players
Currently there is one supported media player:
* Zune (http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=27163)

## Client Side Apps
I want to be able to control this software from my phone. Don't you?
There's [this app](https://github.com/gladclef/EqualizerAPO_Connect) that I'm working on to do this from Windows Phone 8.1.
Maybe someday there will be other supported other platforms, too (let me know if you have something so that I can link to it here!).
